1. Which of the following is not introduced with Java 8?
a) Stream API
b) Serialization
c) Spliterator
d) Lambda Expression

		ANS : b) Serialization

2) What is the return type of lambda expression?
a) String
b) Object
c) void
d) Function
		ANS : D

3) What is Optional object used for?
a) Optional is used for optional runtime argument
b) Optional is used for optional spring profile
c) Optional is used to represent null with absent value
d) Optional means it’s not mandatory for method to return object

		ANS : C

4)What does SAM stand for in the context of Functional Interface?
a) Single Ambivalue Method
b) Single Abstract Method
c) Simple Active Markup
d) Simple Abstract Markup

		Ans : B 

5) What is a lambda expression in Java 8? 
a) A lightweight thread 
b) A lightweight process 
c) A concise way to represent an anonymous function 
d) A type of loop construct

		ANS L c) A concise way to represent an anonymous function 

6) Which annotation is used to declare a functional interface in Java 8? 
a) @FunctionalInterface 
b) @Interface 
c) @Lambda 
d) @Functional 
		
		ANS :a) @FunctionalInterface 

7)What is the default method in an interface in Java 8? 
a) A method that can be overridden by implementing classes 
b) A method that is automatically inherited by implementing classes 
c) A method that cannot be overridden by implementing classes 
d) A method that can be accessed without an instance of the interface 


	ANS : b) A method that is automatically inherited by implementing classes 


8)interface A {
     int aMethod(String s);
}

Which of the following are valid statements?


A ) A a = a -> a.length();

B) A x = y -> {return y;};

c) A s = "2" -> Integer.parseInt(s);

D) A b = (String s) -> 1;

	ANS : option D : A b = (String s) -> 1;

9)What does the :: operator represent in Java 8? 

a) Ternary Operator 
b) Null Coalescing Operator 
c) Method Reference Operator 
d) Concatenation Operator 

		ANS : c) Method Reference Operator 

10 ) What does the Java 8 feature "Method Reference" refer to? 
a) A shorthand syntax for writing lambda expressions that call existing methods 
b) A new way to create object references 
c) A reference to the memory address of a method 
d) A new type of method declaration 
	
		ANS : a) A shorthand syntax for writing lambda expressions that call existing methods 
